Use platform PMC Id constants for the Checkout rendering (#4415)
woocommerce/woocommerce-gateway-stripe: changelog.txt

* Dev - Fix failing optimized checkout e2e test due to incorrect order of operations
* Tweak - Remove Payment Method Configurations fallback cache
* Fix - Show correct price in express checkout for zero decimal currencies

> * Fix - Prevent PMC fetch when rendering the checkout if settings sync is disabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix - Prevent fetching of payment method configurations when rendering the checkout if the settings synchronization is disabled
```
